Mariko walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Mariko!" said Sarah. "I am glad you could make it Sarah!" Mariko replied. Olivia, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Julian. Julian stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high over vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Mariko then took at turn at the microphone. "He was my North, my South, my East and my West, my working week and my Sunday rest, my noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last forever, I was wrong." When she sat back down, Sarah said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Mariko and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Mariko made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Silvia walked into the coffee shop angrily after having realized that she had left her phone on the bus. She saw that there was a long line to order, so she impatiently walked to the front of the line and cut Nick, the first person in line. Nick was not having it that day, and he promptly stepped back in front of Silvia. Silvia ignored him and proceeded to tell the barista that she would like a coffee. Nick stared back at Silvia, as though daring her with his eyes to do something.Nick refusing to engage with Silvia, turned to the barista and said, ‘I was first in line!” Silvia saw a muffin sitting like ammo next to the cash register, snatched it, and crumbled it above Nick’s head. Everyone in line gasped. Nick, in shock, didn’t move as crumbs tumbled down his ears and shoulders. The barista called over to a policeman standing in line, and she ordered Silvia to leave before anyone pressed charges. Silvia stared at Nick one last time, then stormed out of the coffee shop, yelling, “I hate coffee!” Everyone at the coffee shop turned to each other wondering if that had really just happened. The barista handed Nick a bunch of napkins and gave him a free drink out of sympathy, saying “There was no need to worry. The baristas are trained in kung fu.” 

Will walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a tea. He found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Will!" said Sarah. "Great to see you Sarah!" Will replied. Olivia, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Pradeep. Pradeep stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe: all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrab." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Will then took at turn at the microphone. "Love at the lips was touch, as sweet as I could bear, and once that seemed too much, I lived on air." When he sat back down, Sarah said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Will and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. On the way out, Will ordered a cake to take home. The barista took one from the display case and wrapped it up to go. Will made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Olivia walked into the coffee shop angrily after having learned that her flight to the Bahamas was cancelled due to inclement weather. She walked to the back of the line and stood impatiently, watching the first person in line, Jesse, staring idly at the menu. Suddenly she decided to walk to the front of the line and cut him. Jesse was not having it that day, and he promptly stepped back in front of Olivia. Olivia proceeded to give a slight shove to Jesse. Jesse, refusing to engage with her, turned to the barista and said, ‘I was first in line!” Olivia saw a small cup of cream on the counter, picked it up, and splashed it in Jesse’s face. Everyone in line gasped. Jesse stood there gaping, cream dripping from his chin. The barista ran out from behind the counter and ordered Olivia to leave. Olivia gave Jesse one last stare, turned, and ran out yelling, “Juice is better, anyway!” Everyone at the coffee shop turned to each other wondering if that had really just happened. The barista handed Jesse a bunch of napkins and gave him a free drink out of sympathy, saying “The nectar of the gods makes people do crazy things.” 

