Mariko walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Mariko!" said Sarah. "I'm glad you could make it Sarah!" Mariko replied. Olivia, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Julian. Julian stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high o'er vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Mariko had also written a poem, but decided that she wasn't in the mood to share it today. After all the poets had performed, Mariko and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Mariko made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Pradeep walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a coffee. He found an empty chair next to Mariko. "I'm glad you could make it Pradeep!" said Mariko. "Hey Mariko!" Pradeep replied. Olivia, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Julian. Julian stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high o'er vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Pradeep then took at turn at the microphone. "Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe: all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrab." When he sat back down, Mariko said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Pradeep and Mariko said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Pradeep made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Will walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a tea. He found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Will!" said Sarah. "Great to see you Sarah!" Will replied. Pradeep stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe: all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrab." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Will then took at turn at the microphone. "Love at the lips was touch, as sweet as I could bear, and once that seemed too much, I lived on air." When he sat back down, Sarah said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Will and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. On the way out, Will ordered a cake to take home. The barista took one from the display case and wrapped it up to go. Will made a mental note to come back again next week. 

