Mariko walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Mariko!" said Sarah. "I'm glad you could make it Sarah!" Mariko replied. Olivia, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Julian. Julian stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high o'er vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Mariko had also written a poem, but decided that she wasn't in the mood to share it today. After all the poets had performed, Mariko and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Mariko made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Pradeep walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a coffee. He found an empty chair next to Mariko. "I'm glad you could make it Pradeep!" said Mariko. "Hey Mariko!" Pradeep replied. Olivia, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Julian. Julian stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high o'er vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Pradeep then took at turn at the microphone. "Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe: all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrab." When he sat back down, Mariko said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Pradeep and Mariko said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Pradeep made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Will walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a tea. He found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Will!" said Sarah. "Great to see you Sarah!" Will replied. Pradeep stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe: all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrab." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Will then took at turn at the microphone. "Love at the lips was touch, as sweet as I could bear, and once that seemed too much, I lived on air." When he sat back down, Sarah said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Will and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. On the way out, Will ordered a cake to take home. The barista took one from the display case and wrapped it up to go. Will made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Mariko walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Mariko!" said Sarah. "I'm glad you could make it Sarah!" Mariko replied. Olivia stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that she had written: "For I have known them all already, known them all: have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons; I have measured out my life with coffee spoons." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Mariko then took at turn at the microphone. "He was my North, my South, my East and my West, my working week and my Sunday rest, my noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last forever, I was wrong." When she sat back down, Sarah said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Mariko and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Mariko made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Mariko walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She found an empty chair next to Will. "Great to see you Mariko!" said Will. "I'm glad you could make it Will!" Mariko replied. Julian, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Olivia. Olivia stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that she had written: "For I have known them all already, known them all: have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons; I have measured out my life with coffee spoons." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Mariko had also written a poem, but decided that she wasn't in the mood to share it today. After all the poets had performed, Mariko and Will said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Mariko made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Pradeep walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He found an empty chair next to Mariko. "I'm glad you could make it Pradeep!" said Mariko. "Hey Mariko!" Pradeep replied. Will stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "Love at the lips was touch, as sweet as I could bear, and once that seemed too much, I lived on air." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Pradeep then took at turn at the microphone. "Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe: all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrab." When he sat back down, Mariko said that she loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Pradeep and Mariko said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Pradeep made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Will walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a tea. He found an empty chair next to Julian. "It's been too long Will!" said Julian. "Great to see you Julian!" Will replied. Mariko stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that she had written: "He was my North, my South, my East and my West, my working week and my Sunday rest, my noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last forever, I was wrong." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Will then took at turn at the microphone. "Love at the lips was touch, as sweet as I could bear, and once that seemed too much, I lived on air." When he sat back down, Julian said that he loved the poem. After all the poets had performed, Will and Julian said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. On the way out, Will ordered a mousse to take home. The barista took one from the refrigerator and wrapped it up to go. Will made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Olivia walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She walked to the counter and decided on a tea. She found an empty chair next to Sarah. "Oh hi there Olivia!" said Sarah. "Howdy Sarah!" Olivia replied. Pradeep, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Julian. Julian stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that he had written: "I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high o'er vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Olivia had also written a poem, but decided that she wasn't in the mood to share it today. After all the poets had performed, Olivia and Sarah said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Olivia made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Mariko walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. She found an empty chair next to Pradeep. "Hey Mariko!" said Pradeep. "I'm glad you could make it Pradeep!" Mariko replied. Olivia stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that she had written: "For I have known them all already, known them all: have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons; I have measured out my life with coffee spoons." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Mariko had also written a poem, but decided that she wasn't in the mood to share it today. After all the poets had performed, Mariko and Pradeep said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Mariko made a mental note to come back again next week. 

Pradeep walked into the coffee shop on poetry night. He walked to the counter and decided on a coffee. He found an empty chair next to Olivia. "Howdy Pradeep!" said Olivia. "Hey Olivia!" Pradeep replied. Julian, who was the emcee for tonight, walked to the front of the room and introduced the first poet, Sarah. Sarah stepped up to the microphone and read the poem that she had written: "You may write me down in history with your bitter, twisted lies, you may trod me in the very dirt but still, like dust, I'll rise." The crowd snapped their fingers politely. Pradeep had also written a poem, but decided that he wasn't in the mood to share it today. After all the poets had performed, Pradeep and Olivia said their goodbyes and walked toward the door. Pradeep made a mental note to come back again next week. 

